[Music]
this animal is in the worst possible
place hunting alone at the surface where
its most vulnerable to attack from the
low
[Music]
in deepwater predator X can use its full
power
[Music]
although injured and stunned this
plesiosaur is armed with a vicious bite
so predator X still needs to be wary
[Music]
severely wounded now the only sanctuary
is the shallow water of the nursery
[Music]
friend of exes bite is formidable
estimated to be four times that of t-rex
biting hard it perforates the body
cutting through muscle and bone before
shaking it to pieces it's almost certain
that the bite marks on the fossil
plesiosaur were made in this way
[Music]
and the position of the marks also
indicated the attack came from below
[Music]
you